Add release checklist (#35)
scienceforamerica/scipeds: RELEASE.md

Reviewer: I've also seen this called `RELEASING.md` but it seems like both are used - I was initially a little confused because I thought this might refer to the latest release.

Author: thanks, meant to ask you about standard file naming. i like releasing.md better, i made the change

# Steps to issue a new release

Before starting the release process:

- Merge all PRs to `main`

> - Make sure you've updated the version number in TBD

Author: @chrisjkuch - where do we need to update the version in the code?

Reviewer: In the `pyproject.toml` file
```suggestion
- Make sure you've updated the version number in `pyproject.toml`
```
